To start my assignment, I wanted to test and incorporate the AI to create my base. This featured things such as the basic html and CSS structure, my colour palette, and the implementation of that within it. 
Colour Palette Prompt :  
“Propose a colour scheme for a infographic website that aims to promote conservation for orcas, it should make users feel reflective .”
Basic HTML and CSS Prompt:
"Act as a web developer. Write HTML and CSS code for a infographic webpage with multiple different sized box elements that feature text, icons and information. I want It to feature the colour scheme that was just outputted with, Deep Blue (#005A8D): , Light Blue (#6DA9D9):, White (#FFFFFF):, Gray (#CCCCCC):  and Teal (#00A8A8)"
My choice to use those two prompts stemmed from my research into different ways to use AI in web development. The website I used to base most of my prompts, allowed me to understand the basics of the language, techniques and things to ask the AI, for the best result (Gerrard, Bizway AI Assistant, 2024). The understanding of the language used to interact and retrieve information from an AI is very important to the results and outcome you’ll receive. I learnt that a bad prompt equals code that is far off what you desired. 
With this information in mind, I then focused on the front-end concepts we had been focusing on in class. Such as responsive design elements, and an overall responsive page. To incorporate AI again, I shot through my code, and asked it to produce a responsive version, using media queries. 
I had to edit these and test them using inspect, as the AI’s ability to make elements responsive was on the smaller scale, rather than large and would break other elements responsivity. 
I faced many difficulties with this assignment, one being the content layout. I had asked the AI to sort my content into containers, each with varying sizes and layouts. It struggled to do this straight away and after changing the code, and asking it more questions, I was at a standstill. I did some research into different CSS/html layouts for infographics and stumbled upon bento box grids. Like the layout of a bento box, these grids are different sized and more fluid. I then took my previous code and asked the AI to do research into bento box grids, then implement that. 
Using AI, I asked it to fill three of the boxes with generated content. This was to showcase the difference in the quality of generation, vs human. Alongside this it also saved time, and allowed me to focus on other things, as I used the generated content for my sample text, until I had done further research for the last three. 
I would choose to use AI in components of front-end web development and within my own projects. It can identify problems with code quickly and develop solutions. As coding is sometimes tedious and challenging with lots of elements, its an easy way to spot errors and make overall changes. I do think that there is a level of consciousness I had to have to stop myself from overusing the AI to generate code, especially CSS. It was very easy to create an overwhelming number of classes, which could easily be condensed. In some parts, the AI creates classes which are irrelevant. 
Overall, I think this helped me identify future prompts and techniques to use AI in web development. 

References
Gerrard , & Bizway AI Assistant. (2024, January). 11 Helpful ChatGPT Prompts for Website Design | Bizway Resources. Retrieved May 5, 2024,  www.bizway.io website: https://www.bizway.io/blog/chatgpt-prompts-for-website-design
World Animal Protection Australia. (2021, July 20). Incredible facts about the orcas in our oceans. Retrieved May 5, 2024, from World Animal Protection Australia website: https://www.worldanimalprotection.org.au/news/incredible-facts-about-orcas-our-oceans/
WWF. (2024). Top 10 facts about Orcas. Retrieved from WWF website: 
